CASMHMS-5367 Update to PDU documentation (#1865)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/validate_csm_health.md

       - x3000c0s10b999 - Not found in HSM Components; Not found in HSM Redfish Endpoints; No mgmt port connection.
   ```

- Cabinet PDU Controllers have component names (xnames) in the form of `xXmM`, where `X` is the cabinet and `M` is the ordinal of the Cabinet PDU Controller.

   Example mismatch for a PDU:

   ```text
     CabinetPDUControllers: WARNING
       - x3000m0 - Not found in HSM Components ; Not found in HSM Redfish Endpoints
   ```

>    If the PDU is accessible over the network, the following can be used to determine the vendor of the PDU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (`ncn#`) If the PDU is accessible over the network, the following can be used to determine the vendor of the PDU.
```

    ```bash

>    ncn-m001# PDU=x3000m0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   PDU=x3000m0
```

>    ncn-m001# curl -k -s --compressed  https://$PDU -i | grep Server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   curl -k -s --compressed  https://$PDU -i | grep Server:
```

   ```

  - Example ServerTech output:

>      ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     ```text
```

     Server: ServerTech-AWS/v8.0v
     ```

  - Example HPE output:

>      ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     ```text
```

       - x3000c0s10b999 - Not found in HSM Components; Not found in HSM Redfish Endpoints; No mgmt port connection.
   ```

- Cabinet PDU Controllers have component names (xnames) in the form of `xXmM`, where `X` is the cabinet and `M` is the ordinal of the Cabinet PDU Controller.

   Example mismatch for a PDU:

   ```text
     CabinetPDUControllers: WARNING
       - x3000m0 - Not found in HSM Components ; Not found in HSM Redfish Endpoints
   ```

   (`ncn#`) If the PDU is accessible over the network, the following can be used to determine the vendor of the PDU.

    ```bash
   PDU=x3000m0
   curl -k -s --compressed  https://$PDU -i | grep Server:
   ```

  - Example ServerTech output:

     ```text
     Server: ServerTech-AWS/v8.0v
     ```

  - Example HPE output:

     ```text
     Server: HPE/1.4.0
     ```

>   - ServerTech PDUs may need password changed from their defaults to become functional. Perform the steps in [Change Credentials on ServerTech PDUs](./security_and_authentication/Change_Credentials_on_ServerTech_PDUs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - ServerTech PDUs may need passwords changed from their defaults to become functional. See [Change Credentials on ServerTech PDUs](security_and_authentication/Change_Credentials_on_ServerTech_PDUs.md).
```
